Create update landing page authors (#53)
river-corridors-sfa/rcsfa-data_processing_for_publication: Data_Package_ESS-DIVE/update_ESS-DIVE_landing_page/README_update_ESS-DIVE_landing_page_authors.md

This describes the process for updating the creator/author list on an ESS-DIVE landing page. Note that updating overwrites all existing authors. For example, if you wish to add an author, you will need to provide all existing authors plus the new one. If you upload only that single new author, the landing page will remove all other authors and only display the new one you uploaded. 

## Prepare authors
Create a data frame with 5 (required) columns. 

| first_name                                                                          | last_name                                               | orcid                                                                   | affiliation                                                                   | email                                                    |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `<chr>` The author's first name. Add middle names here too. This field is required. | `<chr>` The author's last name. This field is required. | `<num>` The author's ORICD number. If not applicable, leave empty (NA). | The author's institution or affiliation. If not applicable, leave empty (NA). | The author's email. If not applicable, leave empty (NA). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `<chr>` The author's first name and (if applicable) middle names/initial. This field is required. | `<chr>` The author's last name. This field is required. | `<num>` The author's ORICD number. If not applicable, leave empty (NA). | The author's institution or affiliation. If not applicable, leave empty (NA). | The author's email. If not applicable, leave empty (NA). |
```

| E.g., Joe                                                                           | Smith                                                   | 0000-0000-0000-1234                                                     | Pacific Northwest National Laboratory                                         | joe.smith@pnnl.gov                                       |

``` R
# example
my_author_df <- tibble(
  first_name = c("Alice Marie", "Bob", "Charlie"),
  last_name = c("Johnson", "Lee", "Smith"),
  orcid = c("0000-0000-0000-1111", NA, "0000-0000-0000-2222"),
  affiliation = c("University of Washington", "Pacific Northwest National Laboratory", NA),
  email = c("alice.johnson@uw.edu", "bob.lee@pnnl.gov", NA)
)
```

## About the function
The `update_landing_page_authors()` function has 4 (required) arguments: 

> 1. `api_token`: This is your personal token. Sign into to ESS-DIVE > My Settings > Authentication Token > Copy Token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `api_token`: This is your personal token. Sign into to ESS-DIVE > My Settings > Authentication Token > Copy Token. It is recommended to add this into the console (rather than the script) so that your personal API token does not get saved within the script. 
```
